 Q:what is angular Routing?
>Routes tells the Router which view to display when a user clicks a link or pastes a URL into the browser address bar

 Q:How to interacting the frontend to backend?
>By using HTTP client method we are interacting with external sources

 Q:What is bootstrap?
>Bootstrap is a free front-end framework for faster and easier web development.Bootstrap includes HTML and CSS based design template
 for forms,buttons,tables,navigation,modals and manyother.It is also easily create Respnosive designs.

 Q:What is the difference between HTTP client and HTTP?
>HTTP client:Most frontend applications communicate with backend services over the http protocal.
 HTTP:HTTP protocol defines how messages are formatted and transmitted, and what actions Web servers and browsers should take in response to various commands.

 Q:What do know in CSS animation?
>An animation lets an element gradually change from one style to another.In CSS animation, we specify some keyframes for the animation. When we specify CSS styles
 inside the @keyframes rule, the animation will gradually change from the  current style to the new style at certain times.

 Q:Tell me something in your project?
 >My project description is mainly To meet the accounting, book keeping, company secretary, and tax needs of our clients  and to help our clients prosper by
  providing them with a wide array of professional business and individual services,  products, and solutions to help them better manage their finances and employees

 Q:Explain Angular architecture? 
 > Building blocks of angular application are modules,templates,databinding,services,components,metadata,directives,dependency injection
   Module:It is combination of components and services etc
   template:It defines user interface,contains the html,directives and databindings
   databinding:There are two types of bindings oneway binding,twoway binding
               oneway binding:these bindings flow data in one direction i,e from a component class property to an html elememt property or flows data from an 
                               html element to a component
               Twoway binding:data flows from both directions
   component: A component in angular is a class with a template and a decorator
   metadata: Decorator adds metadata to the class making it  an angular component
   services:Services are way to share information among classes that don't know each other
   directives: directive changes the appearance or behavior of a DOM element
   dependency injection:Dependency injection, is an important application design pattern. Angular has its own Dependency Injection framework, which is typically used in the
                        design of Angular applications to increase their efficiency and modularity